DOCSP 13869: struct tag usage ex (#12)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/usage-examples/struct-tagging.txt

==========================

> Set Custom Driver Behavior

Author: I'm not satisfied with this title, so very open to suggestions. I decided to go with Chris's suggestion and just center this Usage Example around using struct tags for custom BSON field names, as an ``omitempty`` example will be in the fundamentals pg.

Reviewer: maybe `Rename Struct Fields`? Depends on what the primary use case is here.

==========================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

You can customize the way that the Go Driver converts between Go
structs and :manual:`BSON </reference/bson-types/>` using 
**struct tags**, which are optional instructions you can use with struct

> fields.

Reviewer: consider adding an additional sentence here to provide more context on the use cases for struct tagging. The examples make it pretty clear, but I think this would help users extrapolate this feature to their own use cases.

The following code declares a ``BlogPost`` struct, where the ``WordCount`` field
has a struct tag that sets a custom BSON field name of ``word_count``:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/usage-examples/code-snippets/struct-tag.go
   :start-after: begin struct
   :end-before: end struct
   :language: go
   :dedent:

The following code creates a ``BlogPost`` instance and inserts it
into the ``posts`` collection of the ``sample_training`` database,
converting the struct to BSON in the process:

.. include:: /includes/usage-examples/run-example-tip.rst

.. literalinclude:: /includes/usage-examples/code-snippets/struct-tag.go
   :start-after: begin create and insert
   :end-before: end create and insert
   :language: go
   :dedent:

Click here **<TODO: github link to file>** to see a fully runnable example.

Expected Result
---------------

> After running the preceding code snippet, you should be able to find
> the following document in the ``posts`` collection:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After running the preceding code snippet, you can find
the following document in the ``posts`` collection:
```

.. code-block:: json
   :copyable: false

   {
       ... ,
       "title" : "Annuals vs. Perennials?",
       "author" : "Sam Lee",
       "word_count" : 682,
       "tags" : ["seasons", "gardening", "flower"]

>    }

Reviewer: pardon my go ignorance, but does the driver always convert init caps field names in structs to all lowercase? If not mentioned elsewhere, consider mentioning it here.

For an example on how to find a document, see our :doc:`Find
A Document Usage Example </usage-examples/findOne>`.

Additional Information
----------------------

For more information on using struct tags, converting to/from BSON, and

> handling potential errors, see our guide on **<TODO: working with BSON

Reviewer: consider also commenting out this TODO until it's completed

===========================
Set Custom BSON Field Names
===========================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

You can customize the way that the Go Driver converts Go
structs to :manual:`BSON </reference/bson-types/>` using 
**struct tags**, which are optional instructions you can use with struct

> fields.

Reviewer 2: Question: Should a struct tag be defined here? It seems the format of our other usage examples pages don't contain any definition.

Author: okay, will omit

Reviewer 2: since it's no longer defined, you can unbold the term too

The following code declares a ``BlogPost`` struct, where the ``WordCount`` field
has a struct tag that sets a custom BSON field name of ``word_count``.

> The driver marshals the other fields as the lowercase of the struct
> field name by default:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the driver marshals the other fields as the lowercase of the struct
field name:
```
Nit: I prefer seeing "by default" in the beginning

> field name by default:

Reviewer 2: Question: Similar to the previous question -- Should this be here if we aren't going too in depth on this page?

Author: I think JW suggested I include this

.. literalinclude:: /includes/usage-examples/code-snippets/struct-tag.go
   :start-after: begin struct
   :end-before: end struct
   :language: go
   :dedent:

> The following code creates a ``BlogPost`` instance and inserts it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example creates a ``BlogPost`` instance and inserts it
```
Nit: Since this is the actual example and because each page says example when its presented

> into the ``posts`` collection of the ``sample_training`` database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
into the ``posts`` collection.
```
Nit: I don't think we mention which database in our pages.

into the ``posts`` collection of the ``sample_training`` database,

> converting the struct to BSON in the process:

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: I think this line is a critical action that should get its own sentence telling the user how the tag you created right before reflects here.

> During the insert operation, the driver interprets the custom field name
> struct tag to marshal the ``WordCount`` struct field as ``word_count``:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During the insert operation, the driver interprets the ``WordCount`` struct, the 
custom field name struct tag, to marshal as ``word_count``:
```
Suggestion: I think its more clear and easier to read this way

Author: addressed
